app-crypt/gnupg gcc.conf
app-text/recode gcc.conf
dev-java/icedtea gcc.conf
dev-lang/spidermonkey gcc.conf
dev-libs/elfutils gcc.conf
dev-libs/klibc gcc.conf
dev-libs/klibc gcc.conf
dev-python/pygobject gcc.conf
dev-ruby/json gcc.conf
dev-util/cdecl gcc.conf
dev-util/perf gcc.conf
dev-util/systemtap gcc.conf
media-fonts/font-util gcc.conf
media-libs/gegl gcc.conf
media-libs/id3lib gcc.conf
media-libs/mesa gcc.conf
media-video/handbrake gcc.conf
sys-apps/busybox gcc.conf
sys-apps/v86d gcc.conf
sys-boot/efibootmgr gcc.conf
sys-devel/dev86 gcc.conf
sys-devel/gcc gcc.conf
sys-firmware/ipxe gcc.conf
sys-firmware/sgabios gcc.conf
sys-fs/lvm2 gcc.conf
sys-libs/efivar gcc.conf
sys-libs/glibc gcc.conf
sys-libs/pam gcc.conf
sys-process/numactl gcc.conf
x11-apps/appres gcc.conf
x11-apps/iceauth gcc.conf
x11-apps/luit gcc.conf
x11-apps/mkfontscale gcc.conf
x11-apps/sessreg gcc.conf
x11-apps/xauth gcc.conf
x11-apps/xdm gcc.conf
x11-apps/xinit gcc.conf
x11-apps/xkbcomp gcc.conf
x11-apps/xprop gcc.conf
x11-apps/xrandr gcc.conf
x11-apps/xrdb gcc.conf
x11-apps/xset gcc.conf
x11-apps/xwininfo gcc.conf
x11-base/xorg-server gcc.conf
x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers gcc.conf
x11-drivers/xf86-video-intel gcc.conf
x11-libs/libXaw gcc.conf
x11-libs/libXfont gcc.conf
x11-libs/libXft gcc.conf
x11-libs/libXpm gcc.conf
x11-libs/libXt gcc.conf
x11-libs/libxkbcommon gcc.conf
x11-libs/libxkbfile gcc.conf
x11-misc/virtualgl gcc.conf
x11-wm/xmonad-contrib gcc.conf
