app-crypt/mhash no-lto.conf
app-text/poppler no-lto.conf
app-text/texlive-core no-lto.conf
dev-lang/ruby no-lto.conf
dev-libs/confuse no-lto.conf
dev-libs/crypto++ no-lto.conf
dev-libs/dotconf no-lto.conf
dev-libs/elfutils no-lto.conf
dev-libs/eventlog no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libaio no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libbsd no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libdaemon no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libgcrypt no-lto.conf
dev-libs/popt no-lto.conf
dev-libs/pth no-lto.conf
dev-libs/zziplib no-lto.conf
dev-python/numpy no-lto.conf
dev-python/pygobject no-lto.conf
dev-qt/qtscript no-lto.conf
dev-util/cmake no-lto.conf
dev-util/systemtap no-lto.conf
dev-util/valgrind no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/cvs no-lto.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib no-lto.conf
media-libs/celt no-lto.conf
media-libs/libid3tag no-lto.conf
media-libs/libmp4v2 no-lto.conf
media-libs/libmpeg2 no-lto.conf
media-libs/libsndfile no-lto.conf
media-libs/mesa no-lto.conf
media-libs/x264 no-lto.conf
media-video/ffmpeg no-lto.conf
media-video/handbrake no-lto.conf
media-video/nvidia-settings no-lto.conf
net-fs/autofs no-lto.conf
net-im/bitlbee no-lto.conf
net-mail/mailutils no-lto.conf
net-misc/tightvnc no-lto.conf
net-nds/openldap no-lto.conf
net-print/hplip no-lto.conf
sci-libs/fftw no-lto.conf
sys-apps/busybox no-lto.conf
sys-apps/sandbox no-lto.conf
sys-apps/util-linux no-lto.conf
sys-devel/binutils no-lto.conf
sys-devel/gettext no-lto.conf
sys-fs/fuse no-lto.conf
sys-fs/ntfs3g no-lto.conf
sys-libs/binutils-libs no-lto.conf
sys-libs/db no-lto.conf
sys-libs/efivar no-lto.conf
sys-process/numactl no-lto.conf
www-client/chromium no-lto.conf
www-client/firefox no-lto.conf
x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers no-lto.conf
x11-drivers/xf86-video-intel no-lto.conf
x11-libs/cairo no-lto.conf
x11-libs/libXxf86misc no-lto.conf
x11-misc/imake no-lto.conf
x11-wm/xmonad no-lto.conf
